fix(explorer): refactor to yargs for cli (#3155)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/itchy-trees-retire.md

---
"@latticexyz/explorer": patch
---

> Migrated the World Explorer CLI to yargs to resolve the issue with the worldAddress option, which was being incorrectly interpreted as a number rather than a hexadecimal value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue with `--worldAddress` CLI flag being incorrectly interpreted as a number rather hex.
```
